Security mitigation: Update the doc for suggested operator installation namespace and use custom image for RHDH RHDH (#68)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: installation/proc-install-rhdh-operator.adoc

. From the *Developer Catalog* panel, click *Operator Backed*.
. Search for _Backstage_ in the search bar and select the *Backstage* card.
. Click *Create*.
. If needed, use the *Form view* or *YAML view* to change the configuration parameters for {product}.
. Click *Create* and wait for the database and {product} to start.
. Click the *Open URL* option to start using the {product} platform.
+
image::rhdh/rhdh-operator-topology.png[]

.Install {product} with custom {product} image
You can use the {product} Operator to install a {product} application with a custom {product} image. To do so, you can either use the *Form view* and enter the image in *application* -> *image*, or use the *YAML view* to enter the image directly in the {product} custom resource *spec*:
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  application:
    image: <your custom image>
----

[WARNING]
====

> Installing a {product} application with a custom {product} image is at your own risk. It is your responsibility to ensure that the image is from trusted sources, and has been tested and validated for security compliance. Red Hat only supports the images shipped within the {product} Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing a {product} application with a custom {product} image is at your own risk. It is your responsibility to ensure that the image is from trusted sources, and has been tested and validated for security compliance. Red Hat only supports the images shipped with the {product} Operator which have been published to the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog at https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/search?q=rhdh.
```
